Craig who are you going to save I have a
responsibility to choose for me the best
answer and for me tonight it was John
and Nicole
now Arlene who do you think deserves to
stay in the competition I think tonight
it has to be John
so if Chronos saves you John and Nicole
that means you are through
Bruno which couple are you going to save
this week
well actually I think both of them
tonight up there auntie's they were more
relaxed it danced better but the better
dancer is definitely John John
did you agree with the other judges I
did agree with Bruno that they both
danced better but my decision would have
gone with John and Nicole
okay well that that's it okay you've
been through so much thank you on behalf
of the show give our love to you we will
then you've done a fantastic job of
gauge to say a couple of things yes yes
that'd be okay come on first of all say
thank you to this man who's so amazing
very sorry to go because you're great
the cruise bear everyone on the show all
the other ducks professional dancers and
celebrities are great but I've had a
cracking run let's be honest I'm really
what I want to say thank you most or to
everyone at home for keeping me in this
long
save me in fantastic if I can do it even
a little bit well then I really hope
people out outside go out and join a
class and have fun cuz it's the most fun
TV and in my case get a rocky road of
rocky road in this side
it's not
you know salsa